hey guys welcome back i myself this is
my beautiful wife Jeannie so today we
are coming together with a bunch of my
favorite King community channels to
bring a wedding read through
collaboration that is admits Roe I am
super excited I am so excited well first
because I highly recommend you put the
Vitamix on your register your age this
is it yes I mean I use this every day I
make shakes all the time making soups
you can do can make homemade almond
butter and peanut butter and you know we
thought we had a blender before we got
this yeah once we got this we threw out
half one this is amazing so what we're
gonna make with this Vitamix is
gluten-free banana pancakes that are so
simple to make and healthy because it's
gluten free and dairy free actually so
before we get started I wanna let you
guys know that the full recipe and the
measurements are below and also stay
tuned to the end that way you click on
all the other thumbnails to watch all
these incredible videos that everybody's
putting out so honey let's get started
ok alright so we have almond milk here
that we are adding beautiful then we're
adding 1/8 and then we are adding some
bananas perfect and now we're gonna add
some gluten-free oats and we have some
honey we're adding some pure vanilla
extract
we got some nutmeg some cinnamon we have
some baking soda lastly I'm gonna add
some almond butter in there now you
don't have to use the almond butter you
know that's definitely optional but I
like an extra nutty flavor great so
we're gonna mix this up until night it's
nice and incorporated
alright so the bat is already made which
you saw have a sole symptom ain't no
easy Vitamix I'm telling you you gotta
get it all right so I have a saute pan
or a griddle and what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna spray it with some coconut
spray or you can use some butter so
let's spray that out just like that
alright so what we're gonna do is we're
going to pour or you can use
quarter cup measurement so you want
about a about a quarter cup for each
pancake so I'm gonna pour away I can see
your home I'm starving all right so
let's just pour a little bit just like
that oh boy you can hear the sizzle I
love that and it's super easy yours
gonna cook it on both sides for a few
minutes and then we're gonna heat some
maple syrup up and some fresh bananas on
top perfect I love it
okay so now this is our favorite part we
get because look at that look how
beautiful look at the eye on that we
actually garnish it with some chopped
pecans you can you know it's optional
whatever you want blueberries just get
creative but the most important is make
this recipe with that Vitamix and put
that on that registry we did and we died
so honey yeah start all right so let's
ticket the proofs in the pancake baby
Wow is that amazing
very good oh my gosh and you saw how
easy it was to make she wasn't one to
put it up and that's it very simple yeah
unbelievable Wow
I'm gonna give you a couple piece of
advice if you're engaged and once you
get married happy wife why I'm happy if
she's happy and always keep the love in
the kitchen we both you cooking in the
kitchen and you know that's where the
romance happens for us so thanks for
watching love first bite I'm Marcel this
is my beautiful wife Jeannie be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already leave
us some comments and like alla video
thanks everyone bye
love you too I'm eating more okay
perfect
hmm we'll make this now Wow